website/docs: ssf: update SSF documentation (#20195)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/providers/ssf/create-ssf-provider.md

---
title: Configure an SSF provider
authentik_version: "2025.2.0"
description: "How to create and configure an SSF provider in authentik"
authentik_enterprise: true
authentik_preview: true
tags: [Shared Signals Framework, SSF, Apple Business Manager, backchannel]
---

> The workflow to create and configure an SSF provider for an application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow this workflow to create and configure an SSF provider for an application:
```
